Scripts/TILEMAP_INFO.md, before:

# Tilemap Info
This file contains information about the tilemap used in the game.
## The tilemap and screen
The tilemap is 16x16, meaning that when paired with the standard 800x800 screen, each tile is 50 pixels squared.
This is a useful value, and provides flexibility with creating levels
## Creating levels
Levels will be stored as simple txt files, containing a 16x16 grid of integers, which will be read and converted to an array.
Each type of tile has a corresponding code, which is as follows:
- 0: Empty tile
- 1: Mud tile (i.e. Brown)
- 2: Grass tile (i.e. Green and brown)
- 3: Brick tile

Following this grid, the final line of the file should store the start and end positions for the level, with each value separated by a space.

## Accessing tiles
When a Level object is created, it creates a dictionary of tiles, with the key corresponding to each tile's code (see creating levels above).
## Debugging a level
If there are issues with the loading of a level, run level_manager.py with the level number at the end of the file to get a debug report that might help.

Commit message:

Added texture for end of level cheese

Scripts/TILEMAP_INFO.md, after:

# Tilemap Info
This file contains information about the tilemap used in the game.
## The tilemap and screen
The tilemap is 16x16, meaning that when paired with the standard 800x800 screen, each tile is 50 pixels squared.
This is a useful value, and provides flexibility with creating levels
## Creating levels
Levels will be stored as simple txt files, containing a 16x16 grid of integers, which will be read and converted to an array.
Each type of tile has a corresponding code, which is as follows:
- 0: Empty tile
- 1: Mud tile (i.e. Brown)
- 2: Grass tile (i.e. Green and brown)
- 3: Brick tile
- 9: End of level tile*

\* If the player collides with this tile, the level will end.

Following this grid, the final line of the file should store the start and end positions for the level, with each value separated by a space.

## Accessing tiles
When a Level object is created, it creates a dictionary of tiles, with the key corresponding to each tile's code (see creating levels above).
## Debugging a level
If there are issues with the loading of a level, run level_manager.py with the level number at the end of the file to get a debug report that might help.
